Describe Sync Lock with Dynamic Tempo (#589)
mixxxdj/manual: source/chapters/djing_with_mixxx.rst

          sync, turn on the :guilabel:`QUANTIZE` button.  When activated,
          Quantize will ensure that the beats are perfectly lined up as well.

Sync Lock with Dynamic Tempo
============================

If you're working with dynamic tempo tracks that have a variable BPM beat grid, you have
precise control over the sync lock behavior via the following Sync Leader
buttons (available in the LateNight Skin only).

.. |nbsp| unicode:: 0xA0
   :trim:

|follower| Follower |nbsp| |nbsp| |nbsp| |nbsp| |nbsp| |softleader| Soft Leader |nbsp| |nbsp| |nbsp| |nbsp| |nbsp| |explicitleader| Explicit Leader

.. |follower| image:: ../_static/2.4/follower.png
   :width: 124px
   :alt: Sync Leader button as follower

.. |softleader| image:: ../_static/2.4/soft-leader.png
   :width: 124px
   :alt: Sync Leader button as soft leader

.. |explicitleader| image:: ../_static/2.4/explicit-leader.png
   :width: 124px
   :alt: Sync Leader button as explicit leader

You can create a variable BPM beat grids for single tracks by using the :guilabel:`Analyze`
library context menu and :guilabel:`Reanalyze (variable BPM)` command. Alternatively you may

> create a variable BPM beat grid for all tracks by unchecking :guilabel:`Assume constant tempo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create variable BPM beat grids for all tracks to be (re)analyzed later on by unchecking :guilabel:`Assume constant tempo`
```

in the :guilabel:`Beat Detection` preferences.

> When such a track is playing in a Leader deck, the follower decks closely follows the tempo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When such a track is playing in a Leader deck, the follower decks closely follow the tempo.
```

It's important to note that the track follows the "detected" leader tempo unconditionally,
even if there are sections with unstable tempos during bridges or in the outro regions where

> the actual played tempo isn't correctly detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the actual played tempo wasn't detected correctly.
```

If a soft leader deck stops or is silenced, Mixxx automatically selects the next best
deck as Leader. By clicking the Leader button, you can toggle between Explicit Leader
and Soft Leader mode. An Explicit leader is sticky, does not automatically move.

By default the "Sync Lock with Dynamic Tempo" feature is enabled and Mixxx picks the
first Sync Lock enabled track as Soft Leader, using the tempo from its outro during
the following transition. If you'd like to use the the tempo from the intro of the next

> track instedad, click the Leader (Crown) button of its deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
track instead, click the Leader (Crown) button of its deck.
```

> The deck becomes than the explicit leader. By another click on the Leader button the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deck then becomes the explicit leader. Click again on the Leader button and the
```

deck becomes Soft-follower and Mixxx is again in charge to move the leader to
the best deck.

If you'd prefer a steady tempo during transitions like in Mixxx before Version 2.4,
you may select :guilabel:`Use steady Tempo` for :guilabel:`Sync mode` in the
:guilabel:`Decks` preferences. In this mode all decks become a follower during a

> transition and you may pick a dynamic track as a leader by cklick the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transition and you may pick a dynamic track as a leader by clicking the
```

Leader (Crown) button if desired.

> A leader plays always the original recorded tempo changes. A follower change its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A leader plays always the original recorded tempo changes. A follower changes its
```
